Patch/cleanup diagram (#2037)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/namevaluelist.mdx

## Anatomy of a NameValuePair

> <Example caption="Example showing diagram of NameValueList." plain>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Example caption="Diagram illustrating the four parts composing a name-value pair." plain>
```

Reviewer 2: Small recommendation -- where do we want to lean in terms of `name-value pair` vs NameValuePair?

> <Example caption="Diagram illustrating the four parts composing a name-value pair." plain>

Author: ```suggestion
<Example caption="Diagram illustrating the four parts composing a NameValuePair." plain>
```
